We are not going to make it!
Come on, a little further!
NOeee
Aah ... We have to get to the cheese!
(splash)
What!?
Noeee
No no no no WAIT!
Why are you laughing?
You play a bad guy.
Ugh
Then! ... Chrisi!
Jason? Where have you been all the time?
We haven't seen you in a long time.
Yes, we have already replaced you
This is Jeff.
Hey Jeff!
Hey hey Jeff.
Wow, he's so polite!
One of you has to play my bad guy.
I will do it!
Woohoo! Come on! Let's go!
Do you come?
Really ... There, on that toy boat.
Yes ... No, you go. Live it out ...
Okay, you need to know yourself!
Pff. I don't need them.
I can have fun with ...
Jeff
(gun sounds) (heavy music) </ i>
Ugh. Come on! It's like you're not even trying.
(bonk) </ i>
Ugh ... This sucks!
Hey, that seems like leu ... no ... no ...
I don't want to go there!
Why not?
Ah! Did you just talk to me?
Yes indeed. And actually you are pretty bad at this game.
Oh my God, are you Morgan Freeman?
No, but...
Say you are Morgan Freeman!
You are Morgan Freeman.
I'm Morgan Freeman?
No...
Oh...
You'd better go there
and spend some time with your friends.
But I do not want to. It's all fake. Sounds so boring.
I need something more visually stimulating, like this Xcube ONE with KINOCT.
You know that the NSA spies on you with those things.
No, we don't do that.
Xcube out.
The fact is that using your imagination is not a bad thing.
You already use it now.
Oh yeah?
(orchestra music plays) </ i>
GOODBYE!
Ugh
Uh. Hey, would you mind if I joined in?
I DON'T KNOW, DO YOU THINK YOU CAN TAKE IT?
I don't think there is much that you can do to surprise me.
Okay then ...
(Music changes -> dramatically)
Wah! Where are we?
You are in my head now!
(Dubstep music plays)
Wah, what's happening?
THE BASS IS DROPPING
© 2013 Element Animation Dutch captions by @Thibaultmol